Document system for providing metered billing data to Odoo16 (#159)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/architecture/metering-data-flow.adoc

  This is an ID from Odoo.
* a time range representing the interval during which usage data was counted in this particular record.
* a sales order ID representing the specific sales order to which this usage record should be billed.
  This is an ID from Odoo.
* The amount of units that were consumed.

=== Load

Each transformed query result is sent to the https://docs.central.vshn.ch/metered-billing.html[Metered Billing API] for the given time interval.

==== Example API Payload

[code:json]
----
{
    "product_id": "an_identifying_product_variant_string", <1>   
    "instance_id": "external-identifier", <2>             
    "item_description": "Optional human readable description", <3>
    "item_group": "My Item Group", <4>                           
    "sales_order_id": "SO0042", <5>                              
    "unit_id": "422", <6>                                        
    "consumed_units": 821.42, <7>                                
    "timerange": "2023-08-16T13:00:00Z/2023-08-16T14:00:00Z" <8> 
}
----

<1> Odoo ID of the Product or Product Variant
<2> Identifier of this particular instance of the product
<3> (Optional) Description as shown on invoice

> <4> Used for grouping lines item on the final invoice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Used for grouping line items on the final invoice
```
